This is a set of two Python programs which use Kalshi's API for algorithmic trading. These programs do not use the Kalshi-python SDK. Instead, they work solely off of API calls from the ExchangeClient class in the KalshiClientsBaseV2.py script (the one included in their starter files).

Capabilites of either program include: -Logging the user in -Showing the exchange status and whether trading is currently active -Displaying the user's portfolio balance -Creating orders based on time of day and price range. (Price is figured using (bid + ask) / 2 , AKA the "ask, bid" average.) -Allowing the user to choose the 'yes' or 'no' side of any contract -Allowing the user to set the max # of contracts he/she is willing to buy in a given session -Allowing the user to set a 'stop-loss' price at which the program will sell contracts purchased within a session (Note: Neither program is able to enter the stop-loss ('sell') loop until ---1.) max # of contracts have been bought, or 2.) user's 'time of day' range for buying has ended. Contracts will not be sold (in either program) all at once- instead, they are sold one by one with a short sleep interval in between. Buying is also executed one contract at a time and has a longer sleep period (to make sure price is staying consistent).)

There are (obviously) differences between using the standard API client code, and the interactive version...

The interactive version will work for someone who knows nothing about code, but it comes with certain limitations. Namely, that you can only work with the S&P500 and Nasdaq100 Financial Event Markets. (That still provides a total of 10 Event Markets between the two indices - Daily, Weekly, Monthly, and Yearly (bracket) Ranges, and the Daily Up/Down for either financial index). The interactive version is completely text-prompt/input based and will run from the command line (terminal) as long as the user has Python installed and added to their system's PATH environment variable.

The standard ('Kalshi_API_Client_v1.py') has a bit more functionality and even some plotting features if you can figure out which parts of the code to edit/how to make them work. It is not extremely intuitive, however, and everything you do must be done from within the code. Essentially, you can use it just like the interactive version for basic algorithmic trading, but you'd be setting all the variables manually from within the code. The extra functionality includes the ability to choose any Event or Market on Kalshi and to filter through the data in different ways. Adjusting the sleep time(s) between buying and selling is another extended feature that can only be set manually in this standard version. I'll mention again that there's a plotting feature, but I would not suggest trying to use it unless you're an intermediate coder (or a better coder than me).

The beauty of this program is that, like any algorithmic trading procedure, it runs in a loop, which is only given permission to exit once the user's pre-programmed "buy" ceiling has been met or the user's "buy-range" time has expired. When either (or the first) of these two conditionals are met, the program will then enter into 'stop-loss mode', selling one contract at a time (if any were purchased) if the user's predefined "stop-loss" price is triggered. Essentially, a person could set this program before they leave home for the day and let it do all the work while they're away. Returns will only be as good as the user's strategy, so think wisely when setting the 'buy' time range, 'buy' price range, and stop-loss 'sell' price!

(Something that's yet to be tested is just how long the loop is able to run and whether Kalshi has certain time-out limits enabled. I included a function that automatically logs the user back in after every twenty loops (whether in "buy" or "sell" loop), so this should eliminate any potential HTTP time-out errors.)
